    During this lab I have many different concepts and ways of planning the code out. 
Using the pseudocode to first plan out what the code would do was very helpful because I was 
able to keep track of what I was doing and if this was to happen where the loop would take me. 
The planning ahead made it easier to keep track of how many loops there are and what all those loops
were doing. For example, this program had atleast 3 different loops and if I did not plan it ahead of time
I would have lost take of was the for, while, and if else loop was doing. The pseudocode made
it easier to write where the next steps are going to be and what they one do when they are "called" for. 
In my experience, it was hard to start the pseudocode but once i understood where everything was going to go
and how it was going to play out, the programming section of this lab was much easier and planned out.
    There are 3 types of interation constructs in C language which are while, do while, for. For this program, 
I have used two types of interations which are do while, and for. The for loop was used to create groups 
and orgranize by condition and change. The do while was used to test conditions. Do was used to test the condition and
it would run as long as the condition is true but the while loop was used to create conditions. In other words,
the do loop was used for a sequence of code and as long as it was true the loop would run but when the condition (NUMS>=i) 
was applied it caused the do loop to follow the rules or else it would send an error messgae because it would be false. 
These two interations were used to create rules and make sure the program was orgazined. The for loop created a group,
the do loop created to have a sequence and the while made the conditions. 
  The GGC complier was used to debug because everytime the program ended I would compile and run to see weather or not 
the program had errors. To constantly checked during the program I kept reading it and making sure I made every that every
variable is being used and the way it should be. Then the GCC complier was used to debug the program at the end of the whole
lab or "project".